# Question

Given a 1-indexed array of integers numbers that is already sorted in non-decreasing order, find two numbers such that they add up to a specific target number. Let these two numbers be numbers[index1] and numbers[index2] where 1 <= index1 < index2 <= numbers.length.

Return the indices of the two numbers, index1 and index2, added by one as an integer array [index1, index2] of length 2.

The tests are generated such that there is exactly one solution. You may not use the same element twice.

Your solution must use only constant extra space.

Constraints:

- 2 <= numbers.length <= 3 \* 104
- -1000 <= numbers[i] <= 1000
- numbers is sorted in non-decreasing order.
- -1000 <= target <= 1000
- The tests are generated such that there is exactly one solution.

# Intuition

The naive brute force solution here would be to have a pointer starting with the left hand side of the array then a second pointer start from the next index and iterate through the array until the end or a number matching the difference between the first pointers' number and the target is found. If end is reached then increment the pointer and go again. But a more optimal solution is to perform a binary search to see if the difference exists in the rest of the array. We walk through the array and for each number, we set a left value to be index + 1, a right value to be the end of the array and loop finding the midpoint between the two searching for the difference. If the difference is not found at the midpoint we move the left pointer or the right pointer depending on whether the value is more than or less than the value at current mid respectively, to one more or less than current mid. If we find a match we can return the index of the outer loop +1 and the index of the binary search +1, otherwise if the binary search doesn't find a match we continue walking through the array using the outer loop.

# Complexity

The naive brute force solution would be o(n\*\*2) complexity as for each number in the array we would have to perform a comparison with effectively every other number in the array. The optimal solution has a time complexity of o(n log n) as we walk through the outer array in o(n) time and perform a o(log n) binary search for each element. Space complexity for both remains the same as they're done in place.
