# Question

Design a stack that supports push, pop, top, and retrieving the minimum element in constant time.

Implement the MinStack class:

MinStack() initializes the stack object.
void push(int val) pushes the element val onto the stack.
void pop() removes the element on the top of the stack.
int top() gets the top element of the stack.
int getMin() retrieves the minimum element in the stack.
You must implement a solution with O(1) time complexity for each function.

Constraints:

- -231 <= val <= 231 - 1
- Methods pop, top and getMin operations will always be called on non-empty stacks.
- At most 3 * 104 calls will be made to push, pop, top, and getMin.

# Intuition

For the underlying structure we can use an array as append operations are technically O(1) (unless the array has to be resized but that's beyond the scope of this question I believe) and so are pops since you don't need to shift the rest of the array. We can use two arrays, one to keep track of the smallest items in the stack and one for keeping track of all items in the stack. Whenever we add an item to the stack, we check if the current item is smaller than the smallest item, if it is, we can append that to the array which tracks the smallest items. If it isn't, then we just append the current smallest item. This is done to keep both array lengths in step with one another so that we don't need to check whether the current item being popped is the last item in the smallest array before popping from it, though that could be an alternative way to solve this while being less memory demanding. 

# Complexity

All of the functions have the complexity of O(1) as per the question. 
