# Question

A phrase is a palindrome if, after converting all uppercase letters into lowercase letters and removing all non-alphanumeric characters, it reads the same forward and backward. Alphanumeric characters include letters and numbers.

Given a string s, return true if it is a palindrome, or false otherwise.

Constraints:

- 1 <= s.length <= 2 \* 105
- s consists only of printable ASCII characters.

# Intuition

We want to perform all the string manipulations first in order to get a string stripped of all non-alphanumeric characters and then convert them all to lower case. We then get two pointers, one at the end of the string and one at the start. We want to compare the characters which those pointers are pointing at, if they are not equal at any step we know its not a valid palindrome so we can return. We then increment the index of the left most pointer and decrement the right pointer and perform the check again, we do that until the pointers either cross or meet in the middle. In either case we know that the left forwards is the same as the right backwards so we can return true.

# Complexity

This solution has a time complexity of o(n) as its done in a single pass of the array, with any additional time for computation being added coming from the way we perform string manipulations, but we can ignore that. Space complexity is somewhere between o(1) and o(n) depending on the language features, in Go for example we need to create an intermediate rune array to iterate through the letters forwards and backwards instead of accessing the characters from the string directly.
