242. Valid Anagram/242.md, before:

# Question

Given two strings s and t, return true if t is an anagram of s, and false otherwise.

# Intuition

The most obvious thing out of the way first, if the length of the strings differs, they cannot be anagrams of each other. But to check if two strings are anagrams of one another is simply done by going through both of them and keeping track of which letters are in which string and how many of them are present. The first thing that comes to mind is using a hash map with the letter as the key and the frequency as the value, which is a fine solution, this allows you to iterate through they keys in the map and check if keys exist in both and compare their frequencies if they do. My solution is a cool alternative which makes an array of size 26 (the length of the alphabet) to keep track of the letter frequencies, the indexes are accessed by getting the rune value of each character and subtracting the value of rune of 'a' which maps the letters to their appropriate index, this only works because the strings are restricted to lowercase letters of the English alphabet. That way I can iterate through the array instead of the keys and compare values in one step while having a preallocated array.

# Complexity

Both the naive and my solution are O(n) time complexity technically since there is a single pass of both strings and the keys/array but there is some built in overhead when using a dynamically allocated data structure like a hash map instead of a preallocated array, as every time the map expands it requires cpu operations. So technically K (integer modifier) of o(Kn) is larger in the map version, hence the array version is a more optimal solution. Though that optimisation is minimal.

Commit message:

Add constraints to question section, fill out 49.md

242. Valid Anagram/242.md, after:

# Question

Given two strings s and t, return true if t is an anagram of s, and false otherwise.

Constraints:

- 1 <= s.length, t.length <= 5 \* 104
- s and t consist of lowercase English letters.

# Intuition

The most obvious thing out of the way first, if the length of the strings differs, they cannot be anagrams of each other. But to check if two strings are anagrams of one another is simply done by going through both of them and keeping track of which letters are in which string and how many of them are present. The first thing that comes to mind is using a hash map with the letter as the key and the frequency as the value, which is a fine solution, this allows you to iterate through they keys in the map and check if keys exist in both and compare their frequencies if they do. My solution is a cool alternative which makes an array of size 26 (the length of the alphabet) to keep track of the letter frequencies, the indexes are accessed by getting the rune value of each character and subtracting the value of rune of 'a' which maps the letters to their appropriate index, this only works because the strings are restricted to lowercase letters of the English alphabet. That way I can iterate through the array instead of the keys and compare values in one step while having a preallocated array.

# Complexity

Both the naive and my solution are O(n) time complexity technically since there is a single pass of both strings and the keys/array but there is some built in overhead when using a dynamically allocated data structure like a hash map instead of a preallocated array, as every time the map expands it requires cpu operations. So technically K (integer modifier) of o(Kn) is larger in the map version, hence the array version is a more optimal solution. Though that optimisation is minimal.
