# Question
You are given an array prices where prices[i] is the price of a given stock on the ith day.

You want to maximize your profit by choosing a single day to buy one stock and choosing a different day in the future to sell that stock.

Return the maximum profit you can achieve from this transaction. If you cannot achieve any profit, return 0.

Constraints:

- 1 <= prices.length <= 105
- 0 <= prices[i] <= 104

# Intuition

So the intuition behind this is that we want a means of tracking the biggest positive difference between the number on the left and the number on the right as we can only travel in one direction (since time only moves forwards AFAIK). But a thing to consider is that we can always find a new minimum. So we can use two pointers to keep track of where we're at in terms of walking through the array and to track what we're comparing against (the min so far). So if the right pointer points to an element which is smaller than the one which the left pointer points to, we can update the left pointer to the right pointer. Simply finding the smallest and largest numbers doesn't work because the larger number could be to the right of the smallest number. Taking the example `[2, 7, 1, 3]`, 2->7 is a bigger difference than 1->3 even though 1 is the global minimum, but at the time we reach 1 we can't know what else is coming up, so we have to save the largest difference up to that point and then go with the assumption that since 1 is less than 2 it has the potential to give us larger gains.

# Complexity

Since we're walking through the array one time, its O(n) time complexity, we're using O(1) space as we're just keeping track of basically single values.
